### Artist Statement on GitHub (2023)

My work investigates Parking Exempt on New Years Day, Flash Flood hits Baseball game, as evidenced by Town Hall meeting with fewer than twenty people. My movies examine All movies are Documentaries, which has little to do with You have breached eBay’s Terms of Service by contacting silicon wafer sellers outside of eBay. This is also explored during the first few seconds of sudden FM radio signal-dropout afforded by driving through short tunnels. Once time passes, it’s irrevocably gone: and that’s something I address in my sprawling, largely unseen arts practice. Through my unfinished movies and sculptures in air quotes, I strive to reveal the promise of morning. This is explored while walking in unfamiliar cities just after sunrise (pretend-ignoring the audible phasing of irregular powerline voltages). It’s also addressed through Most people actively day dream for nearly 50% of their waking hours. All of this is present in the work. In my research, it appears that Rwanda somehow exports more critical raw minerals than it produces, and these rocks are enlisted as component-soldiers in the stateless bloodsport of cryptocurrency Mining. Veteran e-Waste is eventually co-mingled with frozen gambling computers at the Nevada Center for the Blind. My work ignores the powerful and misleading stories of a confused, resourceful civilization. Other questions that I ask include Are your parents in the Panama Papers and Have you been accidentally dosed with a rare strain of Iranian saffron? This culminates in Amish Communities are mostly Unaffected by Quantitative Easing. Moreover, my art practice centers around Non-Fiction films should be absolved of the responsibility to create change and, Wow, The built environment increasingly deprioritizes beauty and mystery and that is what i’m really after.

### alextyson @ gmail.com 
